Forget Password Feature

Description:
When ever a user forget his password, he has the ability change his password using authentication code that has been sent from the server to phone number / email associated with the username.

Description of class and functions : 

ForgetPasswordDataAdapterAPI : 

             Description : 
             responsible for picking on which stage of forgetting password we are in.

Flow :
when the user forgets his password, he has the change his password by clicking on forget password button on main screen, which
will require from the user to enter his username.
Once the user enters his username and clicks on continue, it sends a request to the server that we are in a forget password proccess,
in return, the server sends Encrypted email and phonenumber back to the user.

There are two options to pick from : 
- Send a code to Email
- Send a code to Phonenumber


Sending code to email happens in Server side, the user enters the code he received as a message in his Email and clicks on Veirify Code button.
Which results on sending a request to the server with the username and Varification code that has been entered by the user.
in return, the server sends True or false, depends on whether the Verification code that has been entered is true or not, and it happened within the limited time.

Sending code to Phonenumber happens in Server side, the users enters the code he received as a sms message in his Phone and once the user clicks on Veirify Code button.
it results on sending a request to the server with the username and Varification code that has been entered by the user.
in return, the server sends True or False, depends on whether the Verification code that has been entered is valid and all the proccess done within the limited time.

eventually,
The user enters his new password that must include a digit,Uppercase and a Lowercase twice to confirm it, which results on sending the password to the server alongside the username and the verification code he entered in the previous stage
( for extra security ), which in return the servers sends True or false depends on whether the password has been changed successfully or not.